[docs] Add Bun Support Documentation for Github Actions (#25096)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/github-actions.mdx

> Some repositories or organizations might need to explicitly enable GitHub Workflows and allow third-party Actions.

</Step>

## Using Bun instead of Yarn

To use [Bun](/guides/using-bun/) as your package manager instead of Yarn, follow the steps below for both publishing updates on push and previews on pull requests:

<Step label="1">

Replace the `Setup Node` step in **update.yml** with the following snippet:

```yaml update.yml
- name: Setup Bun
  uses: oven-sh/setup-bun@v1
  with:
    bun-version: latest
```
</Step>

<Step label="2">

To install dependencies using Bun, replace the `Install dependencies` step with the following snippet:

```yaml update.yml
- name: Install dependencies
  run: bun install

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Step>
```

>   run: bun install
> </Step>

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  run: bun install
```
</Step>
````

> Some repositories or organizations might need to explicitly enable GitHub Workflows and allow third-party Actions.

</Step>

## Using Bun instead of Yarn

> If you're using Bun as your package manager instead of Yarn, you'll need to make some modifications to the provided workflow. Below are the updated steps for both publishing updates on push and previews on pull requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [Bun](/guides/using-bun/) as your package manager instead of Yarn, follow the steps below for both publishing updates on push and previews on pull requests:
```

Let's be a bit concise here.

> Publish updates on push using Bun:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't have to mention this since the steps below apply to both push and previews.

<Step label="1">

> Replace the Node setup steps in update.yml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `Setup Node` step in **update.yml** with the following snippet:
```

Let's make the file name bold as per our [writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text).

> ```- name: Setup Node
>   uses: actions/setup-node@v3
>   with:
>     node-version: 18.x
>     cache: yarn
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think we need to refer the same code block here. I've updated the context as to which step to modify by calling it out in the line above this snippet.

> with
> ```- name: Setup Bun
>   uses: oven-sh/setup-bun@v1
>   with:
>     bun-version: latest
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```yaml update.yml
- name: Setup Bun
  uses: oven-sh/setup-bun@v1
  with:
    bun-version: latest
```
````

</Step>

<Step label="2">

> Install Dependencies with Bun:
> 
> Replace the dependency installation step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install dependencies using Bun, replace the `Install dependencies` step with the following snippet:
```

We can be more clear and add the context here and also following the same patter as step 1 after suggested change.

> ```- name: Install dependencies
>   run: yarn install
> ```
> with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```- name: Install dependencies
>   run: bun install
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```yaml update.yml
- name: Install dependencies
  run: bun install
```
````

Format the code snippet to use the language syntax and the file name. The change suggested here will end up as following:

![CleanShot 2023-10-30 at 12 57 14@2x](https://github.com/expo/expo/assets/10234615/52d4f8c4-c104-4377-82c3-62921e5eed31)

Which is how we represent most code snippets in Expo documentation.
